hello I'm Laura Tompkins and today I'm
in Portsmouth at the great Santa fun run
and I've come just to find out why
people are here and what they're running
for today about four years ago they
asked me to come up with an idea for a
fundraising event so the Santa run was
the first one that we ever did the RNLI
charity obviously coming from Portsmouth
and going kayaking I think is a very
important team of people that can at the
drop of a hat get out to sea to save
people today I'm going to be taking on
is out and it's really good fun I've
seen a few guys dressed in Santa dragged
which is quite amusing obviously I think
they've been out the night before and
obviously got roped into it I'm dressed
like this after a drunken bat in a pub
and running this for the RNLI to raise
lots of money and try to stay warm on a
very chilly December morning
all for good cause for the are on la I'm
a windsurfer that's what I'm doing this
and I'd done the great self and I'm
really interested in charity work I
thoroughly enjoy organizing these events
obviously I'm out here this afternoon
and I'll be setting up the course it's
freezing cold as you can see but at the
end of the day it's really fun to see
everybody enjoying them we've just gone
over 1,000 for the 5k and 670 for the
10k by the time I finish this evening
we're looking at probably over one
thousand seven hundred and fifty people
so there you have it
this year's Santa fun run hopefully
Santa won't be too tired to deliver the
presents on Christmas Day